# NPInteriors
Bespoke Kitchens and Bedroom
Welcome to NP Interiors Ltd, your London based German Kitchen and London Bespoke kitchen and bedroom Specialists. Our kitchens are constructed from the highest quality materials such as Egger MDF (medium density fibre) and MFC (melamine faced chipboard) Boards. 
We are a family run business with over 5 years’ experience kitchen and bedroom industry meaning we have the acquainted to offer help and hold up to our customers to make their kitchen with elegant and great designing. 
The kitchen is the most important place so at NP Interiors LTD we pay strong attention to your necessities. We offer the full variety of products and interiors.  As you require a more functional space or just want to pamper yourself with latest kitchens designing.
Np Interiors Ltd helps to make your kitchen or bedroom as cost effective and as easy as possible, providing guidance and help as well as high standard products. We construct kitchen cabinets with 18mm solid backs. Our complete Kitchen cabinets are also supplied with German soft close internal drawer runners as well as Blum soft close hinges to all of our units when purchased with our doors.
Our German kitchens & bedrooms come in a stunning selection of designs from excessively defined and modern to everlasting and traditional. We can We don’t believe doing in cheap quality. we aim to produce and supply products of the highest quality without the high-end price tag.
We offer the full spectrum of products and interiors. We’re available between office hours to answer any queries relating to your new kitchen or bedroom. With our experience in designing and fitting bespoke quality kitchens, our team are on hand to guide you through the whole process from quote to fit. Please contact us today for a quote.

HOME:
Create your perfect kitchen with our huge collection of kitchen ideas. You could be ripping out the old and installing a brand new kitchen, moving your kitchen into a new room or simply tackling a small project to update your current kitchen. Whatever your kitchen project, we can give essential advice, from kitchen planning to installation and to choose the lights.

Our kitchens are where we cook, eat, entertain and socialise, so it’s important to create a kitchen design with full of love. For a busy family home a fitted kitchen is a bespoke solution that will offer fantastic functionality and streamline the space to make the most of every inch. If you’re on a tight budget consider revamping kitchen cabinets or investing in some new kitchen worktop from Laminated to marble/ Quartz, Corean and Minerva to refresh the style and add years of service to the busiest room in the house.
Modernising a kitchen is a smart play for increasing the worth of your home, so that beautiful Breakfast bar or Kitchen Island could turn into a great investment for the future.
Ready to get started? Browse through our kitchen ideas galleries below to see a huge range of styles or narrow your search to modern kitchens, traditional kitchens or country kitchens if you’ve got your heart set on a specific look.
